# What is unit testing

-   A unit test is a way of testing a unit - the smallest piece of code that can be logically isolated in a system. In most programming languages, that is a function, a subroutine, a method or property. The isolated part of the definition is important.

-   A unit can be almost anything you want it to be --a line of code, a method, or a class. Generally though, smaller is better. Smaller tests give you a much more granular view of how your code is performing. There is also the practical aspect that when you test very small units, your tests can be run fast; like a thousand tests in a second fast.

# What is Integration Testing?

Integration Testing is defined as a type of testing where software modules are integrated logically and tested as a group. A typical software project consists of multiple software modules, coded by different programmers. The purpose of this level of testing is to expose defects in the interaction between these software modules when they are integrated

# What Is End-To-End Testing?

End-to-end testing is a methodology used in the software development lifecycle (SDLC) to test the functionality and performance of an application under product-like circumstances and data to replicate live settings. The goal is to simulate what a real user scenario looks like from start to finish. The completion of this testing is not only to validate the system under test, but to also ensure that its sub-systems work and behave as expected.

# White Box Testing

-   White Box Testing is a testing technique in which software’s internal structure, design, and coding are tested to verify input-output flow and improve design, usability, and security. In white box testing, code is visible to testers, so it is also called Clear box testing, Open box testing, Transparent box testing, Code-based testing, and Glass box testing.

# What is Test Driven Development (TDD)?

In layman’s terms, Test Driven Development (TDD) is a software development practice that focuses on creating unit test cases before developing the actual code. It is an iterative approach that combines programming, the creation of unit tests, and refactoring.

The TDD approach derives its roots from the Agile manifesto principles and Extreme programming. As the name suggests, the test process drives software development. Moreover, it’s a structuring practice that enables developers and testers to obtain optimized code that proves to be resilient in the long term.

In TDD, developers start creating small test cases for every feature based on their initial understanding. The primary intention of this technique is to modify or write new code only if the tests fail. This prevents duplication of test scripts.

# What is BDD (Behavior-Driven Development)?

Behavior-driven development is a testing practice that follows the idea of specification by example (e.g., Test-Driven Development [TDD]). The idea is to describe how the application should behave in a very simple user/business-focused language. BDD’s business-focused perspective on application behavior allows teams to create living documentation that is easy to maintain and can be consumed by all team members, including testers, developers, and product owners.

# Specification by example (SBE)

is a collaborative approach to defining requirements and business-oriented functional tests for software products based on capturing and illustrating requirements using realistic examples instead of abstract statements. It is applied in the context of agile software development methods, in particular behavior-driven development. This approach is particularly successful for managing requirements and functional tests on large-scale projects of significant domain and organizational complexity.[1]

Specification by example is also known as example-driven development, executable requirements, acceptance test–driven development (ATDD[2] or A-TDD[3]), Agile Acceptance Testing,[4] Test-Driven Requirements (TDR).
