# What is Redis

1. Redis is in-memory data store used by millions of developers as a database, cache, streaming engine, and message broker.

2. Redis is an open source (BSD licensed), in-memory data structure store used as a database, cache, message broker, and streaming engine. Redis provides data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperloglogs, geospatial indexes, and streams. Redis has built-in replication,
   You can run atomic operations on these types, like appending to a string; incrementing the value in a hash; pushing an element to a list; computing set intersection, union and difference; or getting the member with highest ranking in a sorted set.

3. Redis supports asynchronous replication, with fast non-blocking synchronization and auto-reconnection with partial resynchronization on net split.

4. Redis also includes:

    - Transactions - allow the excution of a group of commands in a single step
    - Pub/Sub - (Publish, Subscribe) design pattern
    - Lua scripting - This lets you perform a variety of operations. inside Redis
    - Keys with a limited time-to-live - Creating a Key with Expiry Duration
    - LRU eviction of keys:

        - noeviction: New values aren’t saved when memory limit is reached. When a database uses replication, this applies to the primary database

        - allkeys-lru: Keeps most recently used keys; removes least recently used (LRU) keys

        - allkeys-lfu: Keeps frequently used keys; removes least frequently used (LFU) keys

        - volatile-lru: Removes least recently used keys with the expire field set to true.

        - volatile-lfu: Removes least frequently used keys with the expire field set to true.

        - allkeys-random: Randomly removes keys to make space for the new data added.

        - volatile-random: Randomly removes keys with expire field set to true.

        - volatile-ttl: Removes keys with expire field set to true and the shortest remaining time-to-live (TTL) value.

    - Automatic failover - A Redis Enterprise cluster provides fault tolerance and resilience. In the case of a primary server or node outage, Redis Enterprise’s self-healing process automatically detects the hardware failure, elects a replica as a replacement, and promotes that replica to become the new primary server.

5. Redis supports also storing and manipulating on json, this can be done by JsonPath syntax: https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/
